Overhaul AI Gateway docs for new architecture (#2196)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: ai-gateway/providers/anthropic.mdx

        api_key="ng-xxxxx-g1-xxxxx",  # Access key
    )

    message = client.messages.create(
        model="claude-sonnet-4-6",
        max_tokens=1024,
        messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
    )
    ```

    ```bash cURL
    curl https://gateway.ngrok.ai/v1/messages \
      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -H "x-api-key: ng-xxxxx-g1-xxxxx" \
      -H "anthropic-version: 2023-06-01" \
      -d '{"model": "claude-sonnet-4-6", "max_tokens": 1024, "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]}'
    ```
    </CodeGroup>
  </Step>
</Steps>

<Note>
The gateway supports both the Anthropic Messages API (`/v1/messages`) and OpenAI-compatible Chat Completions.
</Note>

## Bring your own Anthropic key

Want requests billed to your own Anthropic account instead of through credits? Store your Anthropic key once—the gateway attaches it for you on every request.

<Steps>
  <Step title="Create an access key">
    Follow the [quickstart](/ai-gateway/quickstart) to create an [access key](/ai-gateway/concepts/api-keys) in [app.ngrok.ai](https://app.ngrok.ai) if you don't have one yet.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Add your Anthropic key">

>     [Add a provider key](/ai-gateway/guides/attaching-provider-keys#add-a-provider-key) for Anthropic. We store it encrypted, so it never has to live in your application or get shared around—and you can reuse it across as many access keys as you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Add a provider key](/ai-gateway/guides/attaching-provider-keys#add-a-provider-key) for Anthropic. ngrok stores it encrypted, so it never has to live in your application or get shared around—and you can reuse it across as many access keys as you need.
```

  </Step>

  <Step title="Route to it with a configuration">
    [Create an access key configuration](/ai-gateway/guides/access-key-configurations#create-a-configuration) with an Anthropic routing rule set to **Bring your own API key**, then assign it to your access key.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Keep sending your access key">
    Your code doesn't change. Send the same access key as before—the gateway swaps in your Anthropic key before the request leaves for Anthropic.
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Explicit provider routing

```python
message = client.messages.create(
    model="anthropic:claude-sonnet-4-6",
    max_tokens=1024,
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Hello!"}]
)
```

## Available models

> See the [model catalog](/ai-gateway/reference/model-catalog#anthropic).

Reviewer: another instance where I think it was better when it was less terse - I like to know _why_ I should see such-and-such doc

Author: Agreed—expanded it to say why: "Browse the model catalog for the full list of Claude models you can call through the gateway." Fixed in 13f8a4e95.
